Add Java codemod development tutorial (#9)
pixee/codemodder-docs: docs/provided.md

---
sidebar_position: 3
title: Provided Codemods 
---

> You may see the term "Provided Codemod" in our documentation and in our code. This page discusses what differentiates "provided" codemods from more typical codemods.

Reviewer: Unsolicited opinion but I don't like this term. "External Codemod" sounds better to me.

## It's about how we find the code

> Provided codemods are a special type of codemod that are fed location information from an offline, external, previously-run program. We call them "provided" codemods because some external party is "providing" the context on where to make the desired  code changes. We currently support accepting context from the following tools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provided codemods are a special type of codemod that use code location data that is produced by external tool. We currently support the following external tools:
```

* Sonar
* CodeQL
* Semgrep

If you want to make a codemod for fixing something these tools find, please look at the documentation for the codemodder project for your language. 

## Let's support more!

> Note that these are the "built in" providers we support and for which we offer easy-to-implement supertypes. We'd be interested in fixing the stuff your favorite tool finds -- just open an issue on the codemodder framework GitHub page ([Java](https://github.com/pixee/codemodder-java/issues), [Python](https://github.com/pixee/codemodder-python/issues)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that these are the "built-in" providers we support and for which we offer easy-to-implement supertypes. We'd be interested in fixing the stuff your favorite tool finds -- just open an issue on the codemodder framework GitHub page ([Java](https://github.com/pixee/codemodder-java/issues), [Python](https://github.com/pixee/codemodder-python/issues)).
```

Reviewer: Not sure what "easy-to-implement supertypes" means. Maybe "types that are easily inheritable by new codemods"?
